c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe.config
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.Resources.resources
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.frmEscuela.resources
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.frmPostulante.resources
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.exe
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocio.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaDatos.dll
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocio.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocio.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaDatos.pdb
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaDatos.xml
c:\users\frank\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ESCUELAPOSTULANTE-EXAMENPARCIAL\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
